Oops grandpa
I have always been faithful to you
The reason why I took this dress
It's for tomorrow's celebration
Cut off his robe on the spot
When he stops bothering me
I can stay with you wholeheartedly
It turns out that this is the case with Song Lang
Okay, my son is thoughtful.
That's hahaha.
Sonny, Sonny
In fact, my life is already better
All these years your blood has been of no use to me
Humph
Your Highness
How's it going?
I scanned the girl's past
I found that there are many similarities with that junior sister
But there are also many doubts
Five years ago, he suddenly appeared in the capital
All previous files are missing
It seems to be blocked by some force
It's blocked, by the way.
His husband is this year's champion
Yes, tomorrow is his husband's celebration banquet
This is too coincidental
I doubt my brother
Brother, you said you have found the little sister.
Is that true?
He has a genie on him
And many places are very close to the little junior sister
I'm going to confirm now
Wait a minute, brother
The authenticity of Jinling cannot be completely confirmed
But if he is really a little junior sister
I don't want him to suffer any more harm
In this way, the second senior brother should come back tomorrow.
At that time, the four Jinling will gather
Will trigger the dragon soul intention
It's not too late for us to recognize each other after the authenticity is confirmed.
That would be fine.
You immediately notify the second junior brother
Tomorrow's brother-in-law has been tested
He will definitely go
We'll meet you there.
Okay, I'll notify the second senior brother now.
Lord Hyun Yin
Dragon Temple
The Twelve Thrones 36 will have been written
There is news of Longyu.
Departure for Beijing
Welcome back to the dragon
Yes